INTRODUCTION TO MONGODB
    MongoDB is a document database designed for case of development and scaling. It is one of the most powerful
    NoSQL system and database. Being a NoSQL means that it does not use the usual rows and columns. This
    database uses a document storage format called BSON which is a binary style of JSON documents.

    Example:-
        {
            id: Objectld("765uhghj87987gh"),
            name: "Sonam",
            age: 27,
        }
        {
            id: Objectld(jbghj675 gfhg658"),
            name: "Rahul",
            age: 29,
        }

    
    Database - In MongoDB, databases hold one or more collections.

    Collection- MongoDB stores documents in collections. Collections are analogous to tables in relational databases.

    Document- A document is a set of key-value pairs. The documents in a single collection do not need to have the same set of fields and the data type for a field can differ across documents within a collection.


MONGODB DEPLOYMENT OPTIONS:-

    Locally Hosted Deployments
        MongoDB Community
        MongoDB Enterprise Advance

    Cloud Hosted Deployment
        MongoDB Atlas


SOME MORE TERMS USED:- 

    mongo - mongo is the command-line shell that connccts to a specific instance of mongod. When you run mongo with 
    no parameters it defaults to connecting to the localhost on port 27017.

    mongod - mongod is the primary daemon process for the MongoDB system. It handles data requests, manages data 
    accesS, and pertorms background management operations.

    mongos - For a sharded cluster, the mongos instances provide the interface between the client applications and 
    the sharded cluster. The mongos instances route queries and write operations to the shards. From the perspective 
    of the application, a mongos instance behaves dentically to any other MongoDB instance.

    mongosh- The MongoDB Shell, mongosh, is a fully functional JavaScript and Node.js 14.x REPL environment for
    interacting with MongoDB deployments. You can use the MongoDB Shell to test queries and operations directly with 
    your database.


*now install mongodb and read 1.txt file for setup 
or you can download mongodb and mongosh shell 

